would you give up a toe if it meant that
every day of your life you woke up with
your hair looking the best it could
possibly look I'm I'm gonna say no no I
say no yeah I like my hair not even a
pinkie toe you love your pinky toe don't
you know I hate my piggy so I think it's
really ugly but I think I'd miss it if I
didn't have it if you had to transport a
dolphin some like a mile away how would
you do it with a kiddie pool and several
skateboards
so not a truck no no not a truck anybody
can do that I would use the skateboard
and then in the kiddie pool
how is having a first name that rhymes
with smelly shaped you as a person
really hurt my feeling good yeah
here comes smelly Kelly yeah etc etc
when did that stop um I I'm hoping that
it stops like after this airs and people
realize that you can't bully people yeah
this could be good for the stop bullying
yeah this is stop smelly hashtag anti
hashtag stop smelly
yeah two hashtags to hash tags to me you
smell very good thanks you're welcome
Ketel One Vodka the answer to all of
life's ridiculous questions Jimmy Kimmel
Live weeknights at 11:35 10:35 central
on ABC